HEADER: Elder Brinkerhoff
NAV list: Home | Gallery | Weekly Updates | Common Questions | Contact Me


*Home Page*

=WEBSITE HEADING=
Follow Elder Brinkerhoff spread Jesus Christ's Gospel!

The Gospel of Jesus Christ is eternal, so its been around for a very long time. God, our Heavenly Father, loves us very much, and we wanted to become like him, so we decided long ago to come to earth and be born to earthly parents and live a life where we could choose to be happy. However, there was much tradegy in this world, so God sent his Son, Jesus Christ, (our spiritual elder brother and Savior) to come and redeem us. While he was Here HE spread his Gospel. A set of standards and doctrine that would help us throguh this life and give us ppurpose and meaning, so that we could all be happy and return to live with God again after we die.

=ABOUT ME=
My name is Benjamin Brinkerhoff, but soon, I'll go by Elder Brinkerhoff and will become a representative of Jesus Christ spreading and informing others (if they are willing) about the restored Gospel of our Redeemer Jesus Christ! He is an infinitely loving God, and wants the best for all of us. Because I have seen his love and it's positive impact throughout my entire life I decided to sacrifice two whole years of my personal life to spread his wonderful message of unity, peace, salvation, and most importantly of Jesus Christ's everlasting love!

*Common Questions Page*
Question: Do we believe in Jesus Christ?
Answer: Yes! He is our Lord, our Redeemer, our God and elder Brother.

Question: Are Mormons Christians? 
Answer: Yes, we follow and worship Jesus Christ. We even prefer the full name of Christ's restored church: "The Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day saints"

Question: Can Families really be together forever?
Yes they certainly can through the path that Jesus Christ outlines for us in his Restored Gospel, and by making covenants with him, we can live with our families forever if we want to!

*Gallery Page*

My Mission hasn't started yet, so there aren't any pictures to share
(use some basic placeholders)
 
*Weekly Updates*
Once my mission starts, this is where I'll put my weekly emails

*Contact Me*
417-596-****
 My Misionary Phonenumber

MissionaryFakeEmail@mtc.com 
This is where I'll put my missioary email

I will also put the email of the web developer that will manage the site while I'm actually on my mission.
